Get NGAPS gmail and make forms for suggestion submission

"Some of these links may only work if you are on the NASA network (either on campus or VPN)

Astrophysics IT helpdesk

301-286-3692

system@milkyway.gsfc.nasa.gov

SSED Mail

admin@ssedmail.gsfc.nasa.gov

---

Officers

Unofficial Mentors

It People

Badging Proceedures

Printer setup

Stuff from intro packet:

- Restaurant guide
-

Information and links for Goddard Library



From Emily:

I think I needed several things when I first got here:



Some Building 34 resources tips: how to set up printer, get access to elevated privileges, locations of kitchens

Security point closure times. I’m not sure how relevant that is now.
Metro stops
How to set up my NASA SSED profile (that caught me off guard)


A lot of this information I got from my advisor, though not all of it. But my advisor was given an NPP checklist, which I don’t think is available for many early-career folks.



I don’t know how hard this might be, I’m not great with websites, but if the front page could have an: ‘upcoming events for this month’ which includes career development and social events, that would be convenient. If the calendar is going to be embedded on the first page, then never mind this comment.



I think the things I’m looking for now specifically as an NPP are:



Information on getting hired on somewhere for my 3rd year, links to CRESST, etc., resources on how to transition, which is specific to NPP and probably not website-worthy


Actually that is it for my current concerns. So that is good to know. Anyway, just a few ideas, hope some of them are helpful. Looking forward to seeing the finished product,



From Verity

Joe,


Actually, it was that I can’t do them on the 2nd Thursday of the month as this clashes with the LGBT-Advisory Committee meetings.

Could you add the monthly LGBT lunches that I organize to the calendar? They are on the second Tuesday of each month at 12:30 and rotate between buildings (B1, B33, B21, B34; in that order with B1 being the February location). If you can’t vary the location just put the time and add my name/email as the point of contact.


I would also suggest that we have an LGBT page on the website, or at least links, with the fact that we have lunches, pointing people to the Goddard internal D&I page (https://diversity.gsfc.nasa.gov/), the LGBT-AC page (https://diversity.gsfc.nasa.gov/content/lesbian-gay-bisexual-and-transgender-advisory-committee-lgbtac) and the fact that I am here as a point of contact for any LGBT folks hoping to connect to other people in the community here at Goddard. I hope that won’t be too difficult but I don’t have any webpage design experience either!


Regards,

Verity
